Sprint Two

Minuites

Attendance:
Douglas
Jamie
Kenny
Tom

Summary of meeting with Chris:
Chris looked at the procedural generation and believed it looked good but said we needed to implement a rules system 
for the different types of chunks. Specifically, making sure that the chunks make sense to sense to the player
in terms of orientation and positioning.

Chris also went over some ideas for an improved movement system using raycasting, and Kenny feels confident
he can make those changes.
 
Meeting:

First discussion: Map generation rules

Players are not going to have to walk back through already explored levels once the artifact has been collected. 
When entering a new chunk, the entrance location will be opposite to the direction exited from the last room,
EG. if the player exits one room from the left, they will enter the next one from the right.
Rooms will be omnidirectional, and must be completeable no matter which direction they are entered from.
The chunks themselves will be manually designed.

Second discussion: Emotions

WHile one of the emotions was ok, the second emotion (returning from a journey to find it fading from memory) is 
weaker.




Tasks:

Kenny
Setup the rules for chunk generation to ensure that the maps generate in a way that can be completed. 
It should also include rules for larger chunks. Time: 4 hours
Also generate the artifact at the end of the route. Time: 1 hour
Improve player movement as much as possible. Time: 1 hour

Tom
Design 3 horizontal dead end pieces. Time: 1 hour
Design 3 T-Junction pieces. Time: 1 hour
Design 3 Corridor pieces. Time: 1 hour
Design 3 Crossroad pieces. Time: 1 hour
Research sounds (music and sfx). Time: 2 hours

Jamie
Design 3 horizontal dead end pieces. Time: 1 hour
Design 3 T-Junction pieces. Time: 1 hour
Design 3 Corridor pieces. Time: 1 hour
Design 3 Crossroad pieces. Time: 1 hour
Draw art for more random objects/artifacts. Time: 2 hours

Doug
Art for store front. Time: 2 hours
Art/animations for obstacles. Time: 2 hours
Animations for jumping/climbing for Top Hat. Time: 2 hours

