Sprint Threee
 
Minuites

Attendance:
Douglas
Jamie
Kenny
Tom

Summary of meeting with Dave:
Need to focus platforming over searching. The player cannot make an informed decision on which way to go. 

Meeting:

First Discussion:
Mapping/player navigation:
Following the points made in the meeting, we discussed the issue of the player's navigation. Ideas brought up included a compass that would point to the end goal without showing the actual route or removing branching paths entirely.
Since the paths should always connect to the end goal anyway, and a minimap is planned to aid navigation, we do not belive this will require extra attention since attempting to locate the artifact through the maze of rooms is part
of the experience.

We have definately decided to focus on the platforming, avoiding obstacles ect.

Second Discussion:
Discussing obstacles for the platforming. 

Static obstacles such as broken sharp antiques, some kind of doll that could act as a hazard, broken furnature, fireplaces that are still burning, collapsing rotten beams, animal heads
on the wall ect.

Ranged obstacles could include old muskets that would fire, haunted neclaces that could attack in some form, a bookcase that launches books, musical instruments that blast sound, swinging chandeliers ect.

Platforming aids could include bouncy beds, huge fuzzy rugs that slow the player, wooden beams, stacks of boxes, suits of armour who use sheilds as platforms ect.





Tasks:


Kenny

Modify code to reduce number of branching paths in general. Time: 3 hours (Done by sunday)
Add Minimap. Time: 3 hours (Done by tuesday evening)

Tom


Design art for more obstacles. Time: 3 hours (Done by Sunday)
Find more sound assets for all objects/obstacles mentioned. Time: 3 hours (Done by tuesday evening)

Jamie

Work on UI including Health, a frame for the minimap and the object they are looking for. Time: 3 hours (Done by saturday evening)
Draw some of the artifacts the player will be looking for. Time: 3 hours (Done by tuesday evening)

Douglas

Create Templates for obstacle sizes. Time: 30 Mins (Done by thursday)
Create prefab art for platforms, beams, floor tiles ect. for mass production of levels. Time: 2.5 Hours (Done by Sunday Evening)
Assemble some chunks using existing art and concepts. Time: 3 hours (Done by Tuesday Evening)